Downloaded From AnimeArcadia.lk
[foreboding music playing]
My God.
It's worse than I imagined.
An entire horde of--
Monsters.
How much longer we gotta sit on our dicks
before you tell us what this is about?
Your employer will be here shortly.
He'll fill you in on the target.
[mercenary] "Target"?
As in just one?
Hell of a lot of guns for one guy.
Yeah, with odds like these,
you might actually win a fight. [chuckles]
Okay.
And this is the species
we're trying to save?
I still say we just go in ourselves.
Heh. We're a tactical strike force
trained for precision demon removal.
This mission requires blunt instruments.
[agent] They certainly qualify.
Let them fight over
who's the baddest dude in the room.
We know who it really is.
[door opens]
Oh my God.
Is that…
The vice fucking president.
Since there's no need for introductions,
I'll get right to it.
This, gentlemen,
is your primary objective.
An item of critical importance
to our national security.
However, seeing as this item
officially does not exist,
we need it retrieved off the books.
We've tracked the amulet to this location.
You'll find it around the neck
of its current owner,
a man the US government
considers a top-level threat.
He is extremely volatile,
and prodigiously gifted in combat.
Engage him only with
the full brunt of your firepower.
This superman son of a bitch got a name?
His name is Dante.
[laughing]
[mercenaries laughing]
That's the guy
we're supposed to be worried about?
What's he going to do? Get hair dye on us?
["Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)"
by Limp Bizkit playing]
♪ Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Your… your… your hands up ♪
♪ Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Move in, now move out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in, now breathe out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin', rollin'
Rollin', rollin' ♪
♪ Hey, ladies, hey, fellas ♪
♪ And the people that don't give a **** ♪
♪ All the lovers, all the haters ♪
♪ And all the people
That call themselves players ♪
♪ Hot mommas, pimp daddies ♪
♪ And the people rollin' up in Caddies ♪
♪ Hey, rockers, hip-hoppers ♪
♪ And everybody all around the world ♪
♪ Move in, now move out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in, now breathe out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'
Rollin', rollin', rollin' ♪
[song trails off]
[mercenaries laughing]
[mercenary] Laugh while you can.
You won't be much longer.
I met Dante once.
Worked with him on a protection job.
I've dealt with killers and roughnecks
of every grade,
but this guy, he's something else.
The way he moved, the hits he took.
I'd be dead now if it wasn't for him.
And you'll all be dead soon enough
if you go after him.
[grunts] Ain't no amount of money
you could offer that'd be worth--
[Baines] Five hundred thousand.
The bounty is 500,000 for whoever
brings in Dante with the amulet.
And a bonus if he's alive for questioning.
Well, all right.
Let's go get him, then.
We will be deploying a civilian asset
to keep Dante distracted as you move in.
So, if we're doing all the work,
why'd you bring the Boy Scout patrol here?
They don't look like no jarheads to me.
These soldiers will be in the field
overseeing the operation.
You'll deliver the package to them.
The contract opens as of midnight tonight.
That's all.
You in the cap with the nice eyes.
Hold on a second.
[chuckles]
You see something you like, sweetheart?
[agent] What you said was correct.
We're not jarheads.
We're demon hunters.
You're joking.
I know.
It's a lot to take in.
Someone walks up and tells you,
"Demons are real,
and it's my job to kill them."
You're thinking the same thing
anyone else would.
But unfortunately, it's the truth.
The worst truth is that
not only are demons real,
they're really fucking hard to kill.
We've had to come up with our own methods.
Like these.
Anti-demon bullets.
Hit a human with one,
and it works like any other bullet.
But hit a demon,
and this little liquid explodes
the instant it comes
in contact with their DNA.
That's, uh, good to know.
Sometimes they pass for human.
They can even be incredibly convincing.
It's in the proportions.
The arms or legs
will be a little too long.
Facial features too far apart.
Like they haven't quite evolved
all the way.
There's also something in the eyes.
A void where the glimmer
of a soul should be.
And, of course, the smell.
A faint mix of sulfur and cow shit.
[frantic industrial music building]
[heart beating rapidly]
[music intensifies]
[sharp humming]
[intense industrial music continuing]
[music subsides]
Devil spawn motherfucker.
You were solid, boss.
I don't think I even saw you blink.
I knew I was in good hands.
Lieutenant Arkham is
the pride of this righteous army.
I'm just helping secure
a world for our species.
That's all that matters.
Indeed.
And our world could not ask
for a better soldier.
[soldier] Was told to report to this room.
At least, I think it was this room.
[Baines] Let him in.
…a lot of nondescript doors
and hallways down here.
[agent] Who the…
This is Anders, your newest member
of DARKCOM Elite Ops.
"Anders"? Aren't you…
The only survivor
of the White Rabbit's ambush.
I've watched your mission tapes.
It is an honor to serve with you, ma'am.
Uh, Lieutenant?
Mary?
Lieutenant. Got you. 10-4.
[chuckles]
Welcome to the team, chief.
-You sure about this guy, sir?
-He requested this assignment.
God has tested him,
and he was found worthy.
Soldier, where is the asset?
While I've got you here,
who do I talk to about the menu, huh?
I can't even get a decent plate of…
Oh. Uh…
So, wait, what do I have to do again?
[tense, mysterious music playing]
[clattering at door]
Dante?
You here?
Hey, Dante!
It's your buddy, Enzo!
[sighs]
-Ah, nobody's-- Whoa!
-[gun cocks]
Dante! You are here.
[haltingly] Thank God!
I… I was worried I missed you.
Hey, Enzo. How've you been?
Ah, I could do better,
to tell you the truth.
Like if you didn't have a… a barrel
pressed to my temple right now.
Wish I could help you out there.
I do have a funny story for you, though.
You're gonna love this.
So, my last job, the one you gave me,
it turned out to be a setup
so a shape-shifting demon baby
could try to steal my necklace.
Crazy, right?
[laughing awkwardly]
That's the craziest thing I ever heard.
[frenetic industrial music building]
[Enzo] It wasn't my fault, Dante.
Honest. Don't blame poor old Enzo.
I'm just a middleman. A nobody.
It was the guy who gave me the job,
the White Rabbit.
He's the one who set the whole thing up.
See, he comes into my office,
talking all smooth,
and I’m mesmerized!
All we've got to do is get to him first,
and then split the 500 between us.
[Dante] You're saying
you only sent me into a trap
because a demon that looks like
a giant rabbit tricked you into doing it?
Pretty much. Yeah.
All right, that checks out.
What are you doing here?
I brought you the second half of your fee.
Just 'cause the job was fake
don't mean you don't get paid, right?
Pure, uncut American green.
And all you had to do
was fight a baby for it.
[Dante] And my own brother.
The shape-shifter showed up again later
disguised as him.
Nothing like how he'd actually look now,
but still, it was a good effort.
Oh. Your brother?
Talk about digging up the past, huh?
Ugh.
You all right, kid?
I keep telling you. What's my only rule?
I'll take any job that pays,
especially if it involves killing demons.
-Just as long as I don't have to care.
-As you don't have to care.
I know. So, you and me,
we're all good now, yeah?
You know, I look at you like my own son.
I would take a bullet for you.
Well, maybe not a bullet.
Definitely a blade, like a little jab.
Point is, I would never
set you up like that on purpose.
So there aren't multiple teams
of mercenaries outside,
closing in around us right now?
Okay. [chuckles]
I set you up this time,
but only 'cause they made me.
I know I've got another one of these…
There it is.
Look, Dante, those guys out there
are after your necklace too,
and it's the feds who are paying them.
This thing goes right to the top.
What say you just give the bling to me,
and I'll take it over to them, huh?
No, muss, no fuss.
I can't do it, Enzo.
She gave me this necklace.
[woman] This isn't just a necklace, Dante.
It's a part of our family's history.
I need you to take good care of it, okay?
You have to keep this safe.
Always.
You promise?
It's the last thing of hers that I have.
No one is going to take it from me.
Fair enough.
I'll just, uh, let you get ready
for the big throwdown then, and head on…
-[gun cocks]
-[Enzo sputtering]
I didn't say we were good yet.
[frenetic music intensifying]
We're here for the amulet.
Drop the gun and hand it over.
I said, drop the gun!
[Enzo struggling]
I don't think that's the guy.
Of course it's not the guy!
[Dante] Heh.
Fire!
Who are we shooting at?
Hey!
[aggressive industrial music playing]
Come on, you ain't shit, pal!
[panicked yelping]
[grunts, groans]
[Enzo struggling]
[Dante] Now we're good.
Was the gag really necessary?
All right, I see your point.
-You managed not to kill any of them.
-I had to add a little challenge.
You wouldn't happen to know
why my family heirloom
is New York's hottest fashion accessory?
If I had that info, I'd have tried
to sell it to you the second I got here.
Give me some credit!
What are you doing now?
I work better with music.
["Guerilla Radio"
by Rage Against the Machine playing]
[rowdy rap metal music playing]
[song continuing in distance]
I'll give you one thing.
This guy's got taste!
♪ Transmission
Third World War, third round ♪
♪ Decade of the weapon of sound… ♪
Go.
♪ No shelter if you're looking for shade ♪
♪ I lick shots at the brutal charade
As the polls close like a casket ♪
♪ On truth devoured
Silent play on the shadow of power ♪
♪ A spectacle, monopolized ♪
♪ The camera's eyes on choice disguised ♪
♪ Was it cast for the mass
Who burn and toil? ♪
♪ Or for the vultures
Who thirst for blood and oil? ♪
♪ Yes, a spectacle, monopolized ♪
♪ They hold the reins, stole your eyes ♪
♪ All the Fistagons
The bullets and bombs ♪
♪ Who stuff the banks
Who staff the party ranks ♪
♪ More for Gore
Or the son of a drug lord ♪
♪ None of the above
Fuck it, cut the cord ♪
♪ Lights out, guerrilla radio ♪
♪ Turn that shit up ♪
-♪ Turn that shit-- ♪
-[song halts]
[panting]
Huh?
How the fuck?
Ah, don't feel bad.
I heal extremely fast.
Like a superhero.
Not that I call myself a superhero,
but your mom does.
[panicked grunting]
[Ken] Shoryuken!
[announcer] You win!
Perfect.
[guns cocking]
[rapid gunfire]
[gunfire continuing faintly]
[agent] Hey, Pat.
Our boys still getting their asses kicked?
Yep.
I feel bad for you, Doc.
First time in the field,
and we're not even going to see action.
Mm-mm. My brain is too valuable
to risk taking into a combat zone.
I only came so I can examine
the quantum transmitter
at the soonest possible moment.
Come on, you don't want to pick up
a sweet battle scar like my man here?
King.
What? I'm saying he's a badass.
You went toe-to-paw
with the White Rabbit and lived.
I got lucky, that's all.
[Pat] Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Yo, yo, yo, yo. What was that?
[Dante speaking inaudibly]
[Pat] It looks like he can heal himself.
Any explanations there, Doc?
Uh, not at the moment.
Is he genetically enhanced somehow?
[Mary over radio] I have a theory.
I'll be testing it shortly.
Great, so the guy's
some sort of super soldier,
and he's wearing half the transmitter
that keeps our reality
from being swarmed by the armies of Hell
as a necklace.
Yeah, he really is
just wearing it, isn't he?
Kind of makes you question
Sparda's whole plan.
Excuse me, but, um, what's an ancient
Greek city-state got to do with this?
Not Sparta, Sparda.
Did no one read
the intelligence briefing I prepared?
[Mary] I read it.
Thank you.
Sparda's the one Hell dweller who
might be worth not vaporizing on sight.
He was a demon knight,
whatever that means.
Big bad warrior, blah blah blah.
Served as the right hand of Mundus,
the demons' king,
2,000 years ago when our world
was still connected to their shithole.
And Mundus wasn't happy
just ruling the shithole.
He wanted to conquer humanity,
make slaves of us all.
Typical demon shit.
And I guess Sparda woke up
one day and realized,
"Hey, this is evil as fuck,"
so he rebelled.
He fought against Mundus, taking out
hundreds of his own former legions.
Kind of the least
he could fucking do, really.
But even he couldn't stop
an entire world of abominations.
The only way to protect humanity was
to seal the realms off from each other.
He himself stayed on our side.
Which, if that's true,
he's been MI-fucking-A
whenever shit hits the fan
for the past few millennia.
So, maybe he is
just another pit-beast after all.
[aggressive metal music playing]
[music subsides]
Dante, remember me?
Let's see.
Seven feet tall,
face like someone carved
a gargoyle out of beef jerky?
I do remember.
Arnie, right? How are the kids?
Great, thanks.
Julie just got into Yale.
[chuckles] So, look.
Uh, there's a big-ass bounty
on that necklace of yours.
I was thinking,
you and me bring it in together, huh?
Split the dough.
Fifty-fifty.
[raising voice]
That's a better offer than someone made.
[groaning]
But it's gonna be a hard no.
Ah, worth a shot.
Sorry about the place.
No hard feelings?
[aggressive metal music building]
[music subsides]
Aw, I thought the big guy would get
at least a hit in or something. Man!
These dudes give
low-life hired killers a bad name.
[agent] Oh.
Your daughters?
I'm all they've got, you know?
I went to sign up for the army.
No other option.
This recruiter comes to me saying,
"Join the important fight from home."
He left out
the demons from Hell part, though.
Kinda wish he'd led with
"the demons from Hell" part.
Might've answered differently.
[Mary] It's time.
I'm going in.
Copy that, Lieutenant.
You sure you don't need any help?
Just get the truck warmed up.
[industrial music pulsing]
[Dante grunts]
Hey. That was actually kinda close.
Closer than you think.
Hey!
[Dante coughing]
Of course the goon squad was a misdirect.
Who was that chick?
[growls suggestively] What a woman!
I don't care who she is.
I made a promise.
And I'm going to keep it.
[Enzo murmurs mockingly]
So, who here's looking for representation?
[frenetic industrial music pulsing]
Hey, lady.
Ow. What's in that thing?
I watched you fighting and wondered,
"What the fuck kind of person
could shake off bullets like that?"
A really, really awesome one.
Or not a person at all.
That was an anti-demon round
I hit you with.
Which means, no matter how good
you might be at hiding it, you're a demon.
[gasps]
Ripped and irresistible dreamboat, I know.
Still can't just tear a guy's clothes off.
You're not demon.
But your blood…
I've heard it was possible.
I never thought I'd see one, though.
You're a hybrid.
Part human. Part demon.
Wait. You think I'm part demon?
You are.
And I've got the one weapon on Earth--
[Mary grunts, yells]
Seriously? Part demon?
If you knew how many of those I've killed,
you'd know how crazy you sound.
Demons kill their own all the time.
Death and destruction
is the core of your nature.
Trust me, I know all about demons' nature.
I'm not one of them.
How else can you explain
what you're capable of?
You even fight like they do.
Unholy strength but no intelligence.
No strategy.
I don't know.
Seems like I managed to catch you.
And since we're getting so personal,
what does everyone want
with my mom's necklace?
You don't even know
what this really is, do you?
I know that it's mine!
All yours, Hellblood.
[music intensifies]
[music subsides]
[door creaks]
Jackpot!
Oh.
[Dante grunting]
Usually we don't bother
taking members of your species prisoner.
But we do have the tech for it.
To cover special circumstances.
Insurance. Just in case
you manage to get out of the truck.
What truck?
Who caught who now, motherfucker?
["Devils Never Cry" plays]
♪ Bless me ♪
♪ With the leaf off of the tree ♪
♪ On it, I see ♪
♪ The freedom reign ♪
♪ We are falling ♪
♪ The light is calling ♪
♪ Tears inside me ♪
♪ Calm me down ♪
♪ Midnight calling ♪
♪ Mist of resolving ♪
♪ Crown me ♪
♪ With the pure, green leaf ♪
♪ Praise to my father ♪
♪ Blessed by the water ♪
♪ Black light, dark sky ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN CONROY (1955-2022)
♪ The devil's cry ♪